To work with the program simply compile and run it (need the hyperdrive library included) and input the maze data you want. Then choose a file destination for output
Hi. This program lets you solve mazes:
Made by Austin Wu MIT License

# class main
    main loop: The main loop of the program

# class node
basic container class for a node. Stores position of node adj graph, and value. More like a struct if anything
**node and other contractors:** constructors that initialize the node. Very self-explanatory, overloaded syntax cleaners
 that all do the same thing so no need to re-comment. can take in either
 nothing, value and id, value id and neighbored, value id neighbors and dimensions, or value id and dimensions


# class inputSytem:
The class for handling complicated maze inputs into the program
### public void readTxtFile(String fileName)
if the user wants to input from text file, reads from it
* fileName name of the file to read from

### public void readCMD
Reads the cmd marginally different from the file reader one, mostly to handle diff input space. Could combine but dont want to.

### private void processAfterInput(ArrayList<Character> inputSpace)
shared function to parse into the nd array
* inputSpace
* the list of characters read form diff mediums

### public static String fullPathStr(String subPath)
helper function to get the path str auto generated so user has to only type small amount
* subPath the file name

# class: graphGenerator
an algorithmic class that manipulates the multidimensional arraay into a interconnected graph of lattices.

### private void convertGraph
converts the array into a graph structure, called in constructor

# class: mazeSolver
the main aspidistras algo solve implementation of the graph

### private void solveGraph()
heart of dijkstras algorithm, runs for each start and end node pair and stores in a list the nodes req to get there
### private static node getLowDist(Set<node> unsettledNodes)
dijkstras helper function, gets the lowest distance in the group of unsettled nodes
* unsettledNodes the list of nodes to look for for lowest dist
* the lowest node in the group
### private static void calcMinDist(node evalN, node source)
calculates the min distance between the source node and a cur node, stores in cur nodes path
* evalN the cur node thats being evaluated to find the lowest min distance
* source the soruce node of where to look


# class: graphWriter
Main class for outputting the graph in any format
###  public void embeddGraph()
takes the path lists that were generated by dijkstras and embedds them into the actual multidimensional array
### public void writeToFile(String fileName)
takes the maze in the multidimensional array that has the embedding of the path to solve the maze, uses it to write into a suggested file
*  fileName location to end up
### public void writeToCmd()
write graph to cmd, similar style to writeToFile
### public void writeTo3dObj(String fileName, boolean maze, boolean path, boolean start, boolean end, boolean whiteSpace)
Write to a stl. Uses ASCII ending stl encoding. takes in param of what parts of maze to print and uses
*  vocalized nature to print it
*  fileName name of file to output
*  maze if want print maze
*  path if want print path
*  start if want print start
*  end if want print end
*  whiteSpace if want print whitespace
### private String createObj(String objName, int valToWrite)
Helper function to create the object
*  objName name of object
*  valToWrite what type of val in arrary to look for
*  obj created

### private String cube(int[] xd)
Helper function to draw a cube
*  xd where in space to draw one
*  stl code to make cube

### private int[] pointId(int id)
creates a mapping to all potention poiuts at home world cube to ids
*  id main id
*  the dimensions

### private int[] pointPlus(int[] cur, int[] xyz)
converts the xyz of big space into the subspace including what point of cube it is
*  cur current point of cube
*  xyz namespace location
*  summed point

###  private String oneFace(int[] a, int[] b, int[] c)
creates one face based on 3 point vertices
*  a point1
*  b point 2
*  c point 3
*  string to generate that face.

# class: mazeData
singleton implementation of class in order to function as object container.
*holds all data for the maze including the n dimensional array, solved path, and adjacency graph
*acts as a sort of bridge in the middle between all the sub parts of algorithm, holding the data
### public static mazeData getInstance()
public singleton implementation function
###  public void makeArray(int[] dimensions)
initialization function in singleton class to actually make the n dimensional data array, wrapped around hyperdrive library
### public int[] dimensionCapPiSum()
function in order to return an array based on dimensions in order to properly increment loop through essentially each element is the multiplicative sum of the cur value times everything before it, 
like a prefix multiple sum. The name is a bad math reference
### public int[] loopDimensions(int num)
functionality the looping through variable nd arrays. Time complexity o(dimension). Uses nice properties of modular arithmetic
* num number idx to loop through
### public ArrayList<int[]> neighborNodes(int[] cur)
returns list of all neighboring nodes to the current node
*  cur current dimensions to look around at
### public static int charToInt(char c)
helper functions, both used to pass between data formats
*  c char to help
### public static char intToChar(int i)
helper functions, both used to pass between data formats
*  i int to help out convert

# class: node
basic container class for a node. Stores position of node adj graph, and value. More like a struct if anything
